Parameters and Guidelines for Evaluation of Decision Making TRAINING

Closest Food Group:
  A small food group is defined as one containing 4 or fewer food pieces
  Closest food group is defined as one containing 5 or more adjacent food pieces
  that is closest to PacMan
  - If small food group is offered as explanation for what should be a closest, mark 5.
  - If closest food group is offered as explanation for what should be a small, mark 5.
  - Food group is usually the default motive if PacMan is not actively interacting
    with ghosts or seeking out a nearby capsule.
  - *Something about tendency to go for small or close food groups*

Capsule:
  Capsules exist in both corners; PacMan tends to take a beeline straight
  for the capsule each time, and generally prioritizes them very highly.
  However, for the sake of consistency, only mark the capsule as a primary
  motive (1 or 2) if PacMan is within 7 or so of the capsule.  Otherwise, mark not
  good motive (4 or 5).

  If capsule is an option and there are no capsules, mark 5.

Red Ghost:
Pink Ghost:
  You can generally tell which ghost is ghost 1 or 0 by measuring how far each
  one is from PacMan.
  Ghosts should be considered primary (1 or 2) if they are within 4 of pacman.
  Otherwise, 5-7 might be a 3, 8+ is 4 or 5.

  The direction of ghosts are not known so even if the ghost is moving away consider
  it as the same situation as if it is moving towards you when training weights

  You can mark both options as good.

  If Pac-Man stops moving, mark both options as 3 unless he stopped because of a ghost
  moving into range. If that is the case then mark as good (1 or 2).

  When the game is nearing its end and nothing is happening then just quit and restart
  a game. Training will be saved

  Before training get a feel for what explanations make sense and which ones don't.
  In game.py mark q_training = False and watch a game or two. When you are ready to train
  mark q_training = True.

  If Pac-Man ever freezes and stays in one position quit the game and restart.
